Kkawula/2827 support for prebuilt packages in scarb (#2864)
foundry-rs/starknet-foundry: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Forge

#### Added

> - Default support for prebuilt plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Newly created projects won't require Rust to be installed by default
```
And it should be under `Changed` rather than `Added`

### `snforge_scarb_plugin`

#### Changed 

> - Now published with precompiled binaries, eliminating the need for Rust installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Precompiled plugin binaries are now published to the registry for new versions
```

> - Precompiled plugin binaries are now published to the registry for new versions

Reviewer 2: Maybe let's just combine these into single `Forge` `#### Changed` entry?

#### Added

> - Newly created projects won't require Rust to be installed by default, as precompiled plugin binaries are now published to the registry for new versions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Rust is no longer required to use `snforge` - precompiled `snforge_scarb_plugin` plugin binaries are now published to (package registry)[https://scarbs.xyz/] for new versions. 
```
